v1.0.0
Uploaded, base file structure and about folder set up, nothing else there as that's all of import that there is

1.0.1
Removed core as a requirment

1.0.2
Uploaded with changelog, because I'd forgoten to update it for the previous update
Edited Publisher+ XML to be better prepared
Put Changelog in proper place

1.1.0
Removed Ideology, Biotech, and Royalty as requirments

1.1.1
Put load order in
Put in rimpy lists for the new mods I'm working on

1.1.2
Added XML extensions as a requirment
Updated steam description
Improved folder structure

1.1.2
Improved folder structure drasticly
Added link to about file (currently only goes to steam page, will one day probaly link to a wiki (most likley using github)
added version number to about file (to be precise, 1.1.2)
Removed SuperEngie and DopeUnicorn909 as authors, leaving just The Dynamic Trio and CTH2004. The reason is that, while both of them are part of "the Dynamic Trio", I'm the only one making this specific mod. So, they are included in "The Dynamic Trio" as they do help, but since they aren't making code additions, it's mostly by me right now. Once they have rimworld and we begin to work together on it, they shall be back!

1.1.3
Added a load before and load after to ensure this is always below frameworks, in case this ever performs patches on them.
Altered description
Set up wiki

1.2.0
Removed the list for the xenos mod, as it's obsolete and integrated into my genes mod
made the mod require some utility mods that improve all mods I use (Unlimited, No More Lethal Damage Threshold)
Modified description to highly recommend the unlimited mods
did some background work due to the integration of my Xenotype mod into my gene mod
added a highly recommended mods discussion
updated steam description, bigtime

1.2.1
fixed the lists (background)
published it correctly via publisher plus (apparently some genius forgot it wasn't enabled... not going to name names, CTH2004
added a folder to do something with publisher plus easier

v 2.0.0
change ID (mod breaking)
update to 1.5 as well (compatible with both, excluding the fact that some of the requirments aren't updated)
Updated mod lists to reflect new ID's

v2.0.1
updated some requirments
removed outdated requirment
put better mod in
started moveing some things around in background

v2.0.2
updated changelog for entire mod
changed version number from 2.0.0
fixed a link
fixed a file name
updated steam description
fixed a requirment I'd mistyped

v2.0.3
updated other mods, and added their new lists
fixed an issue with my comments, so that red error (should) be gone (Famous last words, am I right)
put all my old, half finished mods into a folder (along with some notes), so I can slowly transfer the features. If you go to my mod, you can manually take the contents out. They work, but have very few features. I have a note in each one saying which mod(s) I currently plan on mergeing it with, so you can look and get a general idea of some future updates!
Added all of my mods to the mod lists

v2.0.4
added a spreadsheet that can check to see if an items description is past steams maximum (or what I think it is)
	Technically not important, as it isn't uploaded to steam, and is only on github. But, it is a change
added in finalized lists for OP Thingamajing Mod (and published it)
moved lists into a folder of "CHTechIndustries Mods", and added a folder for framework examples (frameworks that have an example included)
added modlists that included all
updated modlists to include anomally